Yun Linlong, you can be sincere and sincere.
Queen Mother, my father-in-law requested to see,
The emperor's sister-in-law drank the medicine and exploded.
This, the Queen Mother, has really poured out the explosive.
I never thought that nothing would happen if the emperor drank it as medicine.
Special people will come to you every day to ask for explosives.
Sister, he has known this for a long time.
So I specially say this today, I want to take a look,
Do you have any evidence of spending money?
My sister really knows how to pick me up.
I just wanted to see if there was anything wrong with the explosives.
How did it get to you? It became evidence of expensive consumption.
I see
Over there, it’s so clear today how the family handled it
You're the one who doesn't want to undermine your politics, right? Yuan Linglong
Don't forget me
Queen Mother, you have to make the decision for me, Lin Long
Don't snatch yourself away
The trip is just a matter of worrying about the Emperor, the Queen Mother, and the Imperial Physician Wang.
You said the emperor has been severely poisoned
So what kind of poison does the emperor have?
You don’t even know what kind of poison the emperor is heavy with?
Just dare to assert
The emperor has been severely poisoned
The emperor's poison
Similar to Zhongdu
Since Dr. Wang
Already put on the right makeup
There must be a detoxification plan
Also wrote about Dr. Wang
Detoxify the emperor first
This can't
Yes to change
You, the imperial doctor
I just don't dare to do it casually
Then why do you want to be an imperial doctor, Queen Mother?
Cheng Fu scores a goal
Let Chengfu check it out in person
What is the proportional dragon that will surely last forever?
Are you wondering if the Emperor Wang Tai is a military policeman?